so they took maybe 20 bucks in an old
watch
mr matt did you even take a swing
no could have taken her dad
heard you had some excitement last night
i wish they'd have picked my place you
know
why didn't you take them out i was just
trying to keep the damage to a minimum
yeah how's that working out for you
you okay cause you don't look okay
there's a long dormant piece of me
not so very badly wants out
[Music]
what are you still doing here old man
i'm gonna [ __ ] you up
[Music]
it's been a hell of a day you can see
that
for 12 years i worked for some very
dangerous people
everybody get to the basement what is
happening
don't call 911
used to be what they call an auditor the
last guy anyone wants to see at their
door
because it meant you didn't have long to
live
but i left it behind to start a family
i might have uh over corrected
when you left you abandoned a certain
debt that needs repayment
and your creditor is aware of your
resurrection
[Music]
i came after my family they stole my
kitty cat bracelet
and you don't [ __ ] do that
give me the goddamn kitty cat bracelet
you look like [ __ ] dad you should see
the other guys
who the [ __ ] are you me
i'm nobody
[Music]
in theaters only february 26th
hey